How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
How did serfdom develop in Russia and then leave ?
What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
In which films did the character Popeye Doyle appear ?
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
How can I find a list of the real names of celebrities ?
What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?
Which chicken takes the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?
What is the full form of .com ?
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
What vile scoundrel stole my cork from lunch ?
What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?
What team did baseball's St. Louis Browns become ?
What is the oldest profession ?
What are liver enzymes ?
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of the Old West.
When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
Who killed Gandhi ?
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
What is considered the most expensive disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
Which sprawling US state has the most airports ?
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
What was the single repealed amendment to the US Constitution about ?
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during World War II ?
What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?
What is ``Nine Inch Nails'' ?
What is an annotated bibliography ?
What is the date of Boxing Day ?
What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?
What items of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?
Name 11 famous martyrs .
Name 11 famous martyrs.
What 's the Olympic motto ?
What is the Olympic motto ?
What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
What is the origin of the name ``Scarlet'' ?
What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?
What is the second most used vowel in English ?
Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
Who was the inventor of the stupid soup ?
What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
What is the tallest waterfall in the United States ?
Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .
Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach.
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
Which two countries surround the Chesapeake Bay ?
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
What does a spermologer collect ?
What does a spermologist collect ?
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
How many points is a perfect five pin bowling score ?
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
What video game hardware company sells the "supersystem" ?
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
How many community cards are there in Monopoly ?
What do Mormons believe ?
When did the neanderthal man live ?
In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
In which religion was Isis the goddess of nature ?
Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
Where do the "Swiss Family Robinson" adventures take place ?
What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
What relative of the raccoon is sometimes referred to as the cat bear ?
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
How can I list my site on Yahoo for free ?
What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?
What was Colonel Edwin L. Cash-conscious Drake, the first to drill ?
How many people in the world speak French ?
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?
What cocktail inspired John Douxt to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
What internet providers are there in the Caribbean ?
How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
How do you take a complete stranger out on a date ?
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?
What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
What is ethology ?
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
Where did the term ``86ed'' come from ?
Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
Who is Snoopy's sworn enemy ?
What is the nature of learning ?
What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
What is the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
What 's the term for a young fox ?
What is the term for a young fox ?
What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
Which US state lives under six flags ?
What is the Kashmir issue ?
Where is the Loop ?
What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
What does "extended definition" mean and how can you write an article about it ?
What country 's capital is Tirana ?
Tirana is the capital city of which country ?
What is titanium ?
Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
Who do the Rabbi and Tutti live next door to ?
Which city has the oldest relationship as a sisterðcity with Los Angeles ?
Which city has the longest sister city relationship with Los Angeles ?
What is a caldera ?
Why do people get calluses ?
Why do people get warts ?
What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
Who is the founder of Scientology ?
What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
What does the six-legged Musca domestica become when it enters the house ?
What is the history of skateboarding ?
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
Who starred in "Singing in the Rain" and the singing nun ?
How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
Which 19th century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
The corpus callosum is located in which part of the body ?
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
How do I log in to the US European Command home page ?
What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .
What country did the Nazis conquer for 1, CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP.
What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
What is Nebraska's most valuable resource ?
How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
What is the origin of head lice ?
What is the source of lice ?
What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?
What was the first domesticated bird ?
How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
How many villi are in the small intestine ?
What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
In which country did King Wenceslaus rule ?
What is a fear of shadows ?
Who were the five Marx brothers ?
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
In what year was New Zealand expelled from the ANZUS alliance ?
When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
When did CNN start broadcasting ?
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
What are bear and bull markets ?
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?
What J.R.R. Tolkien's book features Bilbo Baggins as the main character ?
What is `` dew point '' ?
What is the "dew point" ?
What is the meaning of Jesus ?
What does Jesus mean ?
What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?
Which company's logo is a "W" in a circle ?
What is the definition of a cascade ?
What is the definition of a waterfall ?
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
Which country's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
Who invented Make-up ?
Who invented makeup ?
What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
What is the origin of the word ``attic'' ?
What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
What did Delilah do to Samson's hair ?
What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?
Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
Who made up the now defunct comic book team known as The Champions ?
How do you make a paintball ?
What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
What US state is Fort Knox in ?
What is a female rabbit called ?
What is the name of a female rabbit ?
Where is the highest point in Japan ?
Where do chihuahuas come from ?
Where is chihuahua from ?
Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
Where does Barney Rovell go to work after dropping off Fred in the Flintstones cartoon series ?
What are the world 's four oceans ?
What are the four oceans in the world ?
What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
What is the only work of Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
What is the largest snake in the world ?
What is the biggest snake in the world ?
In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
Where on the Internet can I find a database of song lyrics similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
How much money does a claim for a back injury deserve ?
What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
What is the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
What does Georgetown ``was'' mean ?
Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
Where can I find a list of "classic" books worth reading for grades 5-6 ?
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
How do you announce the election of a new pope to the world ?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
How long does it take for your blood to make a full trip through your body ?
How do chickens have baby chicks ?
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
What is the historical connection between the Catholic Church and bingo ?
How was the element calcium named ?
What is the name of the element calcium ?
What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
Which writer joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?
Which piano company claims that its product is the ``instrument of the immortals'' ?
When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
When did the Bounty Rebellion take place ?
What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?
What is a transistor ?
What is a film starring Jude Law ?
What is a movie starring Jude Law ?
What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?
Which Hollywood dog died in Jean Harlow's arms in 1932 ?
What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
What are the most common elements in the earth's crust ?
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
How much would it cost to purchase a 2 square meter party tent, with sides ?
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
What are equity securities ?
What is gymnophobia ?
How many years do fossils take to form ?
How many years does it take for fossils to form ?
Where is the Orinoco ?
What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
What was the name of the dog ``the little tiny ones'' ?
What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?
Which city boasts Penn's Landing, on the banks of the Delaware River ?
What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?
Which Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes's Don Quixote ?
What is the origin of the word , JJ .
What is the origin of the word, JJ ?
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
How you can raise your IQ ?
What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?
What does INRI stand for when used on the cross of Jesus ?
Who produces Spumante ?
Who makes Spumante ?
Who earns their money the hard way ?
Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
Who founded the People's Temple Commune ?
What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
Which athlete makes the most money from sporting goods sales ?
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
How many bends are there in a regular paper clip ?
Who discovered electricity ?
What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
Who was the first American in space ?
What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
Which two countries in South America do not border Brazil ?
What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?
What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
Which song contains the line, ``grow old with me the best has never been''.
What is a dental root canal ?
What is root canal treatment ?
What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
After which war did the Wanna-Go-Home riots take place ?
What is the busiest air travel season ?
What is the busiest flying season ?
What 's the colored part of the eye called ?
What is the colored part of the eye called ?
What are hook worms ?
What are hookworms ?
Where is the Rose Bowl played ?
Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
Which Japanese car manufacturer had the largest percentage of its sales in the domestic market ?
Who is the mayor of Marbella ?
What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?
What sunny valley 14 miles wide is just north of the Mojave Desert ?
In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
How many months does the moon take to revolve around the earth ?
Where are the 49 steps ?
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?
Who sings the themes from "Dawson's Creek" and "Felicity" ?
Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
Who directed "Jaws" ?
On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?
What TV show could you find Tom Trickick in ?
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
What Indian tribe does F Troop fight all the time ?
Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
Why do clothing labels say "use non-chlorine bleach" ?
How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
What is the name of the city where Maurizio Pellegrini lives ?
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
Where can I find pictorial instructions on how to build a very simple log house ?
What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
Which board of the game shows the territories of Irkutsk, Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
What is the name of the CEO of Apricot Computer ?
What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?
What is Nicolas Cage's occupation ?
Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
What is the 401 , K , plan ?
What is a 401K plan ?
What causes pneumonia ?
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
What does gringo mean ?
What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?
Which country contains the northernmost point of Africa ?
What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
What treatment tries to evoke the "primal scream" ?
Where is the Kalahari desert ?
Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
Which Ventura County Sheriff's Office seized the largest shipment of cocaine in its history ?
What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
Who created Dennis the Menace ?
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
Which countries have the largest forest areas ?
How do I start a web based business ?
How do I start an internet based business ?
Name Alvin 's brothers
Name Alvin'
What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
What is the styloid process of Eagle syndrome ?
How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
How did Jane Mansfield die ?
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?
What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
Which player said in A Day at the Races: ``Either he's dead or my clock has stopped'' ?
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
Which researcher was nicknamed the pilot of Iberia ?
CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
CNN started broadcasting in what year ?
What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?
Which company created the Mosaic web browser ?
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?
What are the rituals accompanying the circumcision of a newborn child in Judaism called ?
What was the education system in the 1960 's ?
What was the education system like in the 60s ?
What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
Which South American city has the highest commercial airport in the world ?
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
How can I find out which cities have cable modem access ?
What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
How many species of sharks are there ?
What is `` snoogans '' ?
What is "Snogens" ?
How many people are there in the world ?
What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
What bushes can be planted that will be safe from soldiers ?
What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
What organization's offices were broken into in Watergate in 1972 ?
What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
What is the design of the Titanic ?
What does S.O.S. stand for ?
Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
Name a widely used technique for detecting birth defects ?
What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
What is a "7 minute cigarette" ?
What four forms does gold occur in ?
In what four forms does gold appear ?
What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
What is the area of ​​Kerem Chaplet ?
How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
How do you say the word 'qigong' correctly ?
When did beethoven die ?
How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
How much does a new coal trailer cost ?
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
Which two European countries entered the American War of Independence against the British ?
What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
What is the collaboration of the filmmakers ?
What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
Which Russian composer's prelude in C minor brought him fame and fortune ?
What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
What caused the death of Harry Houdini ?
Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?
Who was the mother of the man who would not be the king, the Duke of Windsor ?
How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
How many revolutions does a regular LP make in three minutes ?
What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
What is the name of the highest mountain in the world ?
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in Movie Journal ?
What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?
What is the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?
What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to make a spacewalk ?
What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?
What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
What rum is so "mixable" that it is a bar of one brand ?
How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
How many countries in South America have the letter Z in their names ?
What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
What is the content of proposal 98 ?
Where was George Washington born ?
How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .
Several people on the ground are killed by the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, December 21, CD.
Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?
What is paracetamol ?
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of the Green Lantern ring ?
Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .
Which mosquito bite draws blood, DT NN CC DT NN.
When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
When was the first steel mill built in the United States ?
What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
Which tiny American gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
What is the origin of the name Katie ?
What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .
Which schools in Washington DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .
When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
Who is Terrence Malick ?
What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?
What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .
What is the meaning of the Latin battle cry: Ad Arma, Ad Arma.
What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?
What is the mascot of the University of Notre Dame ?
What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
Which hotel in Las Vegas burned down in November, 1980, with the loss of 84 lives ?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
When was the last significant eruption of Mount St. Helens ?
CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
CNN is short for what ?
When did World War I start ?
How many feet are there in a fathom ?
How many meters are there in the diagnosis ?
What is a Canada two-penny black ?
What is a Canadian two cent black ?
What European city do Nicois live in ?
In which European city does Nikos live ?
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?
Why does Microsoft's Windows 3 owe its success ?
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
What are other ways to get stretch marks besides pregnancy, weight loss and weight lifting ?
What did brontosauruses eat ?
What did the brontosaurus eat ?
What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?
What color bottles do the best Rhine wines come in ?
Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?
Who was the main actress in the movie "Sleepless in Seattle" ?
Who was the 16th President of the United States ?
Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
What is molybdenum ?
When is Boxing Day ?
What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?
What is the lowest level of the American judicial system ?
When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
When was the Battle of the Somme held ?
How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
What 's the official animal of Canada ?
What is the official animal of Canada ?
When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?
When did Spielberg direct "Jaws" ?
What is the size of the largest akita ?
What animal has the biggest eyes ?
What is California 's capital ?
What is the capital of California ?
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called ``The Cuckoo's Egg: Tracking a Spy Through the Labyrinth of Computer Spying'' ?
Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?
What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
Which European country is home to the city that produces Budweis beer ?
How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
How can I find the balance in my National Insurance account ?
What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
What is the history of Valentine's Day cards ?
Where was Christopher Columbus born ?
What do Italians call Florence ?
How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
What does `PSI' stand for ?
What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
What is the term for betting before cards are dealt ?
Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
What came first, according to Genesis 1:2:22 - the chicken or the egg ?
What city did the Flintstones live in ?
What is Latin for incompetent ?
What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?
Which toy company is the world's #1 manufacturer of women's clothing ?
What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
Which wood pusher board game plays poorly ?
Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
Which Doonesbury character would have become a werewolf ?
What is the abbreviation for micro ?
What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
Who has won the most Super Bowls ?
What does NASDAQ stand for ?
What is BPH ?
What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?
What is the fastest commercial vehicle you can buy in the US ?
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
Who has the only speaking role in a "silent film" ?
Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
What was Einstein 's IQ ?
What was Einstein's IQ ?
What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
A girl's name is "Teddy" an affectionate form of ?
What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
In which country is John F. Kennedy buried ?
What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
Which US state has an element in the name ?
What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?
Which company presents the ballots at the Academy Awards ?
How did the tradition of best man start ?
How did the best man tradition begin ?
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
How many years ago did the Titanic sink ?
What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
What is the deepest part of the arctic ocean ?
What are Halloween 's colors ?
What are the colors of Halloween ?
How is silk screening done ?
How is a silk test performed ?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso, Texas ?
Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?
Where can I find a ``fifth element'' screen saver ?
Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
How do you match a name to a social security number ?
How does a rainbow form ?
How is a rainbow formed ?
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
What is the population of Ohio ?
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
Hazmat stands for what ?
What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?
What creature scares people in the movie ``Jaws'' ?
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the development of the newspaper in America ?
Who followed Caesar ?
What are the four elements ?
Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
Who was the first female golfer to earn a million ?
What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
What is the highest piece on a chessboard ?
What is Answers.com 's address ?
What is the address of Answers.com ?
Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
Who does the advertising for Frito-Lay ?
Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?
Who is Trans Union's leading competitor ?
What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
What product did Robert Conrad dare people to drop over his shoulder ?
Who invented the radio ?
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
What is the US dollar worth to 8 UK pounds ?
What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
Who is the man behind the pig - the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
Which actor first played James Bond ?
What ocean is the largest in the world ?
Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for Literature, in 1948 ?
What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
In what year did Jack Nicklaus join the PGA Tour ?
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?
Who are the contestants of the unknown ?
Define the Pheonix Club ?
define the phoenix club ?
Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?
What does ``rupee depreciation'' mean ?
What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?
What gaming devices were nicknamed "Mississippi marbles" and "Memphis dominoes" ?
Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
How successful is arometherapy ?
How successful is aromatherapy ?
What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?
On which Jewish holiday did the Middle East war begin in 1973 ?
How does a copier work ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?
Who said about the third Super Bowl in 1969: "We will win - I promise it" ?
What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?
What is the name of Dudley Do-Wright's horse ?
Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
Who declared: ``I hate whores and I won't stop tearing them apart'' ?
Where does chocolate come from ?
What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
On what TV show did you once see a contestant admit to picking their toes in the shower ?
What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
Which Soviet leader had a Rolls Royce ?
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
Where can I find a file on the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?
In which war did Florence Nightingale take care of the soldiers ?
Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?
Who wrote the song, ``Stardust'' ?
How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
How many Beatles records went to number one ?
Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?
What is the abbreviation of the company name ``General Motors'' ?
What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
What mountains are between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
What is the function of RAM ?
What is the function of RAM memory ?
What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
What is the closest G2 Spectrum yellow dwarf to Earth ?
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
What is the fear of cockroaches called ?
What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
Which CBS soap opera was interrupted by the announcement of the assassination of John F. Canadian ?
What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
What is the use of a 24 hour clock instead of a 12 hour clock ?
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
Which president of the United States dreamed that he was assassinated ?
What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?
For which film did Marvin Lee win the Oscar for Best Actor in 1965 ?
Where is Basque country located ?
What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?
What product is "Ms. Olsen" promoting ?
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
What is dry ice ?
What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?
What is the strongest card in Euchre ?
What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
What does ``intractable herbal kratom'' mean ?
How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
Which South Korean city does Gimpo International Airport serve ?
How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
How many types of dog tails are there -
What is the longest-running television series ?
What is the longest running TV series ?
What predators exist on Antarctica ?
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
How is energy created ?
What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
Which beer advertised as having "three rings" ?
What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
How many American soldiers are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam War ?
What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
What golf accessory did George Grant write about on December 12
What are the different types of plastic ?
How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
What is the correct way to say 'qigong' ?
What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?
Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?
Where was the Ligurian Republic, 1797-185, ?
What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
Which country's people are the top TV viewers ?
When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
When was the suffrage amendment for women ratified ?
What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
What Polynesian people live in New Zealand ?
What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : `` Row well and live '' ?
Which Roman Empire movie tour has the warning: ``Be strong and live'' ?
What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
Which center in Nevada has been named the biggest small city in the world ?
What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?
Which president lived at 219 North Delaware Street, Independence, Missouri ?
Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
Give a reason why American Indians often drop out of school.
Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
Where should a soccer goalkeeper stand to be allowed to handle the ball ?
What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
In which US state was the first female governor elected ?
What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
What are some interesting facts and information about dog sledding ?
What year did Hitler die ?
What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?
What kind of animal is Babar ?
What animal is in the well ?
What is Jane Goodall known for ?
What killed Bob Marley ?
How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
How much money are Dumbo's ears insured for ?
Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
Who danced to star with Fred Astaire in the 1941 film You'll Never Get Rich ?
Who is Stein Eriksen ?
What does the name Billie mean ?
What does the name Billy mean ?
Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
What is the highest peak in Africa ?
Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the US ?
What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
What desert is called "Allah's Garden" ?
What do bicornate animals have two of ?
What do two-horned animals have two of ?
What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
What role does the community's water tower play ?
What is a fear of weakness ?
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
How far is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
What does G.M.T. stand for ?
What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?
What song was used as the closing theme of Johnny Cash's show ?
What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
For which field sport did dentist William Beers develop and write a standard rule book ?
How do I tie dye clothes ?
How do I tie clothes for dyeing ?
When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
When does the average teenager have sex for the first time ?
Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
Why doesn't www.answers.com have answers to my questions ?
What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
Which actor's autobiography is read all my days ?
What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
Which Russian spy lives in the US under the name Emil Goldfuss ?
Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
Where is the 19th hole on a golf course ?
What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
What is nature's purpose for tornadoes ?
Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
Who played the original Charlie's Angels ?
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
Where can I find a person's address from a phone number ?
What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
Which English word comes from the Old French covrefeu, meaning fire cover ?
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones' "From Here to Eternity" ?
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
Where did Serge Steele get his metal hand ?
What makes popcorn pop ?
Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?
Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
King Gustav V reigned over which country from 197 to 195 ?
Who painted Mother and Child ?
Who drew mother and child ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?
In which region of the world was the Six Day War fought ?
What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?
What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?
Which film marked Robert Redford's directorial debut ?
What was Mao 's second name ?
What was Mao's middle name ?
What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?
In which film or films did Jude Law appear ?
Where do hyenas live ?
Where do hypocrites live ?
Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?
Who is the "Queen Mother" ?
What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?
What is the most spoken language in Belgium ?
Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
What are Maid-Rites ?
What are the maid rites ?
What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
Which children's story contains the line: ``Come, Cinderella, and hold this ball of wool for me'' ?
What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
What level of government or government agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
How many referees work a soccer game ?
How many referees work in a football game ?
What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
What cocktail do you make with sweet whiskey and vermouth ?
How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?
How do you say ``fresh'' in Spanish ?
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
What are beehives doing in cranberry bogs ?
What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
What caused the floods in Lynmouth ?
When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
When is the Michigan Tulip Festival ?
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?
Who invented the name El Nino ?
What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?
In which movie did Madeline Kahn star with Gene Wilder ?
What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?
What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
Which dictator has the nickname "El Maximo" ?
What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
Which stereo manufacturer was "a little ahead of its time" ?
What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
Which US city is the Queen of the Pacific ?
What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?
What was the first taste of life saver ?
Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
Where can I find out the top singles ?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
What is the Jewish bible called ?
What is the name of the Jewish Bible ?
Why is the grass green ?
What is a firewall ?
What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
Which spy writer served as a Moscow correspondent for Reuters and The Times of London ?
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
Which oil company almost chose a word that means "stuck car" in Japanese as its new international name ?
How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
How long does Spiderman's web take to evaporate ?
Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
Who was Randy Stephen Craft's lawyer ?
What was known as the Spice Island ?
Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
Who was the first host of "Man to Man" ?
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
Name the scout who has always been after Yogi Bear.
What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?
Which deck of cards includes the wheel of fortune, lovers and death ?
What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
Who is the superstar in rental cars ?
McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
McCarran Airport is located in which city ?
What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
Which home appliance contains a float ball, ball ball, and overflow tube ?
What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?
What was the name of Betty Boop's dog ?
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
What part of a beaver's life is spent swimming ?
What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?
What do economists do ?
What country has the largest sheep population ?
Which country has the largest population of sheep ?
What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
What do I need to do to take my dog ​​with me to live in Dominica, West Indies for a year ?
What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
Which country is the world's largest importer of cognac ?
How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
How old is Johnnie Walker Black Label ?
What does SIDS stand for ?
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?
What is Grenada's main commodity export ?
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?
How much would a black and white one cent stamp with Thomas Jefferson on it be worth ?
What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
Which country has the most time zones, with 11 ?
What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?
What "magic" does Mandrake use ?
Who is the president of Stanford University ?
Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
Whose first presidential order was: "Let's leave the damn thing in the air" ?
What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?
What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. From Berkusen, in 1899 ?
What city is Logan Airport in ?
What is a nanometer ?
How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
When did CNN go on the air ?
What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
What is the phone number for the University of Kentucky ?
Who invented baseball ?
How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
Which city gained a reputation for its pea soup fogs ?
What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
What does "Jenel" mean ?
How do I get another city 's newspaper ?
How do I get a newspaper of another city ?
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner.
Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?
Who was shot in the back during a poker game in Deadwood, Dakota Territory ?
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
What are the distinct physical characteristics of the Arabian horse ?
What is a fear of thunder ?
What animal has killed the most people ?
How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
Which Russian port has a name that means "Lord of the East" ?
Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
Where can I trade stocks online ?
When was the Battle of Hastings ?
What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
What type of file has the extension .dbf ?
When did Muhammad live ?
What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?
What derogatory nickname was then applied to the painters Monet, Sisley, Pissarro, Renoir and Degas ?
What is a wop ?
What is woop ?
Where do rocks come from ?
How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
Where do people climb mountains in Nepal ?
What is the best college in the country ?
What is the best college in Israel ?
What is viscosity ?
What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?
What are the Nordic nations ?
What are the Nordic countries ?
Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?
What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?
What US state borders Illinois to the north ?
Name a film in which Jude Law acted .
Name a movie where Jude Law played.
What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
What is the temperature for baking Peach Oatmeal Muffins ?
What is a fear of bees ?
What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
In which Vladimir Nabokov novel does Professor Humbert appear in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
What is a green bog ?
What is a green egg ?
Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
Where does the myth of Santa Claus come from ?
What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
What is the chair-bound azophobe afraid of ?
What city is served by Logan International Airport ?
What city does Logan International Airport serve ?
What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?
Which wrestling star became the "Incredible Hulk" ?
What attracts tourists to Reims ?
What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?
What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in "Cincinnati Boy" ?
What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?
What 's an auberge in France ?
What is an auberge in France ?
Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?
Where is Procter & Gamble located in the US ?
What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?
Which army was raised by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?
What does ribavirin consist of ?
What is ribavirin made of ?
Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
Name the soft drink that is ``number one in the sun. ''
What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
What was her real name ?
Why are the ears your center of balance ?
Who invented the toothbrush ?
What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?
What was the name of this popular song the Crips sang ?
Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
Where do they say the Abominable Snowman wanders ?
What is a fear of being alone ?
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
How many points make up the symbol of ``because'' ?
What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?
When reading classified ads, what does EENTY: other stand for ?
How many hearts does an octopus have ?
What plant has the largest seed ?
Which plant has the biggest seed ?
What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?
What is the only country from which he was allowed to enter Israel in 1979 ?
What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?
What approaches when a cyclist shouts: ``Oil'' ?
What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
Which baseball star turned down a $1,000-a-year contract because he felt he didn't deserve it ?
What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
What type of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
Which video game hero is called Chomper by some of his fans ?
How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
How many holes are there in a bowling ball ?
What is the longest word in the English language ?
In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
In which city or country do most gay men live ?
What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?
Which TV comedienne characters include former movie star Nora Desmond, secretary Mrs. Wiggins, and a housewife named Eunice ?
What is `` the bear of beers '' ?
What is "beer bear" ?
Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .
Name the operating system that runs on IBM compatible machines.
What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
What does the name "Justin" mean ?
What percentage of the body is muscle ?
What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
What color of dry wine should be served with roast veal and ribs ?
What is a golf ball made of ?
What is the Amish religion ?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
What does the average nanny pay in New England ?
What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?
What was the name of the Irish terrorist group from the 1870s in the mining areas of Pennsylvania ?
Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
Who played Ringo Kidd in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
Who died 1 meter from where John F. Kennedy died ?
What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
What is the ``copper'' battery ?
What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
For which symbol is the water bearer the zodiac symbol ?
What animals do you find in the stock market ?
What is color ?
When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
When is the website www.questions.com going to open ?
What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?
What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
What first name was Nipsey Russell given at birth ?
How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
How did shipyard superintendent James J. Kilroy define equipment as a supplier ?
What is a Jellicle Cat ?
Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
Where can I find the best free evidence for the Russia debate ?
What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
What is Microsoft's Bill Gates email address ?
What is the second hardest substance ?
Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
Why did several schools in San Diego stop serving apples to students ?
What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
In which Russian city is the Hermitage Museum proud ?
When is Bastille Day ?
What makes a tornado turn ?
What makes a tornado spin ?
How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
How many shots can the M16 stock hold ?
What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from proteinopia ?
Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
Why don't you have some kind of competition where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
Who is Coronado ?
What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
What was the name of the movie starring Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
What is artificial intelligence ?
What do flatfish eat ?
Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?
What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
What can I use to remove the stubborn bulky labels from some diskettes ?
What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
Which day of the week has the most fatal traffic accidents ?
What is the origin of the word , magic ?
What is the origin of the word magic ?
What sport do you shag flies in ?
In what sport are you a roaring fly ?
What is white chocolate ?
Where is Trinidad ?
Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
Name the organization headed by a security council.
Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?
Who graced the airwaves with pearls like ``Do you love me ? Get naked, baby! '' ?
What kind of wine is Spumante ?
What type of wine is Spumante ?
Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?
Who played the faithful criminologist Carl Hyatt in Chess ?
How do you say I love you in Spanish ?
What does the name Gina mean ?
What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
How fast is light ?
What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
What is the low pressure belt around the equator called ?
What are shooting stars ?
Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
What 's the tallest building in New York City ?
What is the tallest building in New York ?
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
How is the date of Easter Sunday determined ?
What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
Who is Desmond Tutu ?
Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
Name a tiger that is extinct .
Name an extinct tiger.
How many quarters equal a pound ?
What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?
What kind of books does Fodor publish ?
What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?
What are the first names of Rowan and Martin, the television stars of Laugh-In ?
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
Who is the worst US President ever ?
Who is the worst American president ever ?
What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?
What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
How fast does the fastest car go ?
What is the highest mountain in the world ?
What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
Who sang the song ``Drink me in your eyes'' by Ben Jonson ?
